
I am delighted to apply for the position of yourtitle as advertised on your careers page. I have provided administrative support to senior management and would like to use my skills for the success of the yourcompany. 

Over the last five years, I've built my career using the motto: work smarter. I'm the person who constantly finds ways to boost office efficiency, record expenses in an efficient and timely manner and exerts efforts to tap into digital systems for office planning and paperwork.

These experiences made me an essential support for the management team because my role as coordinator also required the preparation of meetings, the taking of notes, the preparation of business trips, the holding of agendas, the tracking of expenses in human resources and the purchase and management of office supplies.

Throughout the years, I have developed strong writing and editing skills. For example, one of my main tasks was to produce ISO compliant documents. This required meticulous writing and editing skills, as well as the ability to synthesize the company's operational plan and its values. I have prepared dozens of management reports and received praise for the clarity of my writings.

I also gained extensive experience in information processing through information management systems and databases. My experience in the private sector allowed me to become familiar with the concept of administrative budget. Especially due to my role as coordinator between staff, management and employees.

I have been very involved in tracking expenses and reviewing issues that slow down the completion of our mandates. My rigor and sense of observation will be my strengths in integrating the African Development Bank Group.

Let me underline the main reasons why I should be the administrative assistant you are looking for:

Ability to oral and written communication in French, English and West African dialects in particular
Excellent organization and multitasking skills
Good interpersonal skills, in a multicultural environment.
ISO quality and environmental certification.


I am convinced that my experience in managing and my editorial skills make me an excellent candidate for this administrative assistant position in your department. I am looking forward to meeting you for more details.
