My name is yourname and I am writing to express my interest in the yourtitle position. 
I was excited to discover a graduate program that is so much aligned not only with my interests but also academic and working background. I am to graduate with my master’s degree from yourschool in
yourmajor this summer.

Therefore, I am searching for further opportunities where I can facilitate my personal and professional development and make considerable contributions towards solving real life challenges that companies face in the Digital Age. I believe that I am a good fit for the position, and I will express why bellow.

During the course of my master’s degree, I have obtained extensive theoretical knowledge on a large spectrum
of “hot” subjects such as blockchain, disruptive technologies and innovation, big data, analytics etc.

During the first year of master’s we had a Project Management course in which I have achieved flawless results with achieving both a top grade and winning a small in-class competition for writing a project initiation document.

Moreover, in the Autumn of 2019 I have been qualified to participate in the Elite Module in Digital Transformation organized by the leading professors within yourschool. In this module I have been provided with a solid foundation for grasping the business environment of tomorrow by exploring topics of disruptive business models, ecosystems, digital marketing, organizational structure and leaderships in modern
firms.

Furthermore, as a part of my program I have also been on a study trip to California, UCSB. During the trip
together with a group we had conducted a market validation exercise of a real future product and presented
our findings in form of a sales pitch to the local venture capitalists and with considerable success.

Moreover, during my studies I had the pleasure to be able to apply my theoretical knowledge to help several companies to solve real problems while writing my projects. For example, for such companies as yourcompany.

Aside from my studies, I also have a study job as a yourtitle in the Startup titled yourcompany where I am working since March 2019 and until March 2020.

This job has allowed me to gain practical experience in conducting market research, data analytics and communicating my findings to senior managers. During my work I had the opportunity to do project management to a small degree: I was entrusted with coordinating several small projects where I had the lead role.

More than all, I hate failure but sometimes it is necessary to grow. I moved to Denmark alone from Lithuania in 2015 and along my journey I made multiple mistakes, but they allowed me to grow as a person and professional. I am extremely interested and passionate for exploring the opportunities that the digital age brings to the companies. Among other things, in me KMD will find not only a passionate individual who is obsessed with the word “digital”, but also a flexible, committed team player who strives to take responsibility for both outcome and the process.

Thank you for your consideration.