It is with enthusiasm that I apply for the position of yourtitle at yourcompany. 

Over the last five years I have travelled the nation and met thousands of young New Zealanders, from our big cities to our provincial and even most rural communities. I’ve witnessed first hand how a collaborative approach between our organisations, businesses, our communities and our assets can help to solve some of the most pressing challenges that our young people face. 

I am looking to make a career shift to the government sector where I can apply my business acumen to a government environment and make a real difference for our rangatahi. 

Due to the demanding nature and complexity of the roles I've been in, I've learned to manage competing priorities in various client management positions. This has ranged from taking a consultative approach to managing client relationships autonomously and also remotely to acquiring funding from a wide range of stakeholders,  including central government, local councils,  SME's and large corporates. Further to this, I've worked directly with funders and young people simultaneously and learned the art of  balancing the aspirations of rangatahi against programme funding limitations and obligations. 

If I had a superpower, It would be my ability to execute effective human centred communication techniques in ways that create win-win scenarios. I really know how to look after people. My clients will tell you that I am both thoughtful and logical in responding to their needs. I do considerable client research well before we meet, making it easy to quickly build rapport and make use of our scheduled appointment time.

To put my experiences into context, here are examples on how I have made an impact: 
In 2019 for my client yourcompany, I managed the end-to-end sales and customer engagement process, resulting in 600+ happy business customers at an average unit price of 5,000 NZD/AUD.

I helped secure public/private partnership funding from over 15 stakeholders to develop a national youth development programme across 8 council districts, overseeing the growth from 15 participants online to 200 on the ground.

I helped scale a nationwide multiday youth festival by securing funding and growing participant numbers from 600 to 1500 year on year. 

At a technology graduate recruitment agency, in 12 months, I secured 7 new sponsorships taking their total from 12 to 19 and implemented a new strategy that changed their financial cycle to generate revenue year round. 

I have been able to accomplish my goals and exceed expectations. You will find me to be friendly, optimistic and hardworking. If you would like to know more about my work experience and skills, please take a look at my attached CV and do check out my business.

Lastly, given the current economic circumstances, I can appreciate that hiring decisions are not made lightly. Joining yourcompany would be an honour and I want to thank you for taking the time to review my application. 