I am writing you this cover letter to elaborate further on the provided resume

     I am currently the yourtitle divisions under yourcompany, reporting to the Master Data Manager and SAP Governance Manager. As yourtitle, I am responsible for overseeing Sales & Distribution projects with the the help of my SD "Power Users" in their respective domains of Credit, Customer Master, and Order-To-Cash Cycle. As yourtitle, I am responsible for maintaining product information attributes, with a focus on pricing. 
    The highlight of this role is being the medium between what the business requires and what the system is capable of. In this role, so far, I have completed an end-to-end 3PL implementation for the e-commerce B2B market, improved the EDI function, validated & tested 10+ SAP enhancements, led 2 SAP upgrades, up-skilled supply chain and finance employees though documentations and training.

     Prior to that, I rotated around multiple yourtitle roles with yourcompany where I achieved excellent results and gained valuable experience (not in just supply chain, but in the retail market and commercial aspects of the region). I started at yourcompany on the retail cost-2-serve project where I performed sub-distributor analysis to prioritize deliveries, analyzed off-schedule deliveries, and provided key account schedule suggestions. After that, I was fully in charge of the reverse logistics order management process of L'Oreal UAE where I improved inventory KPIs by achieving a return reconciliation rate of 99.1% and presented analyses to stakeholders in order to reduce the rate of returns. After that, I handled the promotion supply planning of yourcompany where I was in charge of maintaining the catalog, providing instructions to the warehouse, and analyzing the Stock-in-Trade. Additionally, in this role I gained a very powerful insight on UAE's retail market in terms of sell-in, sell-out, contractual agreement, deals, financial agreements, and promotion activities. 

     I hold a bachelor’s degree of yourmajor from yourschool. The program is varied as it offers courses both core engineering courses revolving around manufacturing, programming, and circuits and around managerial business topics such as quality management, supply chain, and production planning. Following the Six Sigma course, I passed the Green Belt certification exam and submitted a quality monitoring project. 

    Given my project management role of yourtitle, I always need to optimize both my task management and effectively delegate tasks to those most suited. A key aspect I admire from management best practices, is to always plan and validate a RACI matrix at the start of each project.I am very empathetic and great with people around me.  Given that my scope of work and communication is diversified between back-end IT experts, top management, finance,sales, and project managers, I have mastered the skill of being able to communicate to all parties and demographics within the business.  Additionally, I have been, since 2019, part of the HR committee for the yourtitle at yourcompany. With this additional duty, I am always in close contact with the employees in order to optimize their performance, enable them, and to mitigate/resolve their issues.  
