My recent trips to Rolls-Royce Deutschland and UK amplified my lively interest to work in Europe for technology companies on AI. Through my engineering background, Aerospace domain and data science skills I am a good interface between Aerospace industry and the digital world. I am therefore thrilled to find this job offering and am hereby applying to become part of the digital revolution at MTU Aero. I will be in Berlin from 15th November till 20th December for a business visit and if my profile is shortlisted, i will have an opportunity to take part in face to face interview.

I am currently working as a yourtitle in yourcompany in the field of Equipment Health Management where I am responsible for the analytics. This role has many elements of data science: Requirements gathering, Data aggregation using multiple databases, understanding of data science solution architectures, identifying and defining data signatures, creating and optimizing analytical models using machine learning, model validation, visualization and creating diagnostic and prognostic capabilities. Furthermore i have explored my interest in other projects on anomaly detection, predictive analytics and segmentation. Furthermore I am participating in other AI projects like the Advanced Analytics where we are building an different ML models as a catch all solution. I am leading and mentoring a team of 9 data scientists, responsible for prioritising and managing workloads on behalf of my team.

My earlier experience was with yourcompay on developing a cruise control system for Freight trains. I had worked on designing and validating sub-systems of Trip Optimizer Engineering Excellence Award for  design and Execution excellence. My interest in data science and AI started while i was analysing field data for estimating Davis resistance for China main line freight trains. I developed an empirical models to estimate the Davis resistance. During this period i co-invented a patent which has a direct application on autonomous driving vehicles. I started my career with yourcompany by working on developing and verifying the safety critical avionics software for Flight management system as per standards. Then moved to yourcompany where i worked on developing and verifying the safety critical avionics software for secondary Flight control system of Boeing. 

Experience of working with different companies and industries gave me a valuable insights on how the business works and allowed me to build a good network. Have an ability to explain complex ideas to a variety of audience. I am closely Working with German, UK and US colleagues onsite and offshore, interacting with cross functional teams seamlessly. I have completed Deutsch course A1 training from yourschool, Bangalore and presently learning A2 Course.
 
I would be delighted to discuss my experience and qualifications further with you.