My best work is based on a mission. Based on a mission to raise the wages of yourcompany
dining workers, I organized a meeting between community activists,
catalyzing progress for local economic equality. Based on yourcompany mission to enact “change in our
environment, our democracy, and our future,” I will produce the same excellent work in advancing meaningful
social progress. My passion for mission-driven change and my skills in partnership development, team
leadership, and effective communication combine to suit me well for the yourtitle position with
yourcompany, which I discovered through an online search for public service bridge programs.
As yourtitle of the yourcompany for the past two years, I’ve dedicated myself to improving
economic opportunity by focusing inward on my community, specifically on the wages of dining employees.
Initially, I met with dining workers to understand how my organization could best support them. Together, we
identified the goal of meeting with President Sullivan to bring attention and urgency to the low wages of dining
workers. I led my team in pursuing meetings with lower-level members of the administration, establishing our
campaign as a serious voice to yourcompany leaders. After months of persistent effort, we worked our way up to a
meeting with President Sullivan, at which I gave opening remarks. By the end of the meeting, President
Sullivan promised to prioritize paying workers a living wage and scheduled a follow-up meeting to continue
developing our partnership on this issue.
This campaign experience showcases my skills of partnering with community leaders, leading a team of
activists to work towards common progress, and communicating effectively with varied audiences. By working
closely alongside the community of dining workers, I identified how and where I could make the biggest
difference.
Through yourcompany, I would combine my organizing skills and passion for social action with my potential to
continually develop as a leader of change. I appreciate your consideration and look forward to speaking with
you at your convenience.