Having recently completed my Master of Arts degree in yourmajor, I am a passionate advocate for advancing the scholarship, publicity and works of marginalized communities and underrepresented women of color. Thus, I was excited to see the yourtitle position because it fits well with my marketing and communications experience and skills in gender advocacy, social issues and political science.

With my 4 years of experience in social media management and event coordination for public interest groups, retail stores, and social justice organizations, here is what I can offer specifically to yourcompany:

Using social media, I can bolster the reach and visibility of promotional events and digital media coverage to readers and authors at yourcompany. As the previous communications lead of a gender advocacy centre, I can engage young adult demographics by bringing products and events to life using strategic marketing plans and innovative channels over traditional methods. Furthermore, I can dissect and harness social media analytics to reach demographics most likely to resonate with the diverse books and events produced by yourcompany annually.

Beyond the technical experience, I prioritize a people-first approach to coordinating events, managing teams and bolstering rapport with sales representatives and clients. As a yourtitle at yourcompany, I garnered large return on investments and surpassed sales goals by building genuine relationships with customers. At yourcompany, I would bring the success I have had in tailoring individuals’ goals and history to build a personable experience for and trusting relationship with readers, authors, and media networks.

Lastly, my academic experience in political and social sciences has given me a strong attention to detail, research skills and precise communication skills. Not only do I have the deep knowledge to build rapport with scholars and authors, but my experience in proofreading allows me to maximize impact and bolster the visibility and reach of yourcompany publications.

I would greatly appreciate the opportunity to meet with you to discuss how I am the best person for the yourtitle at yourcompany.
