I am writing to you regarding the open position of yourtitle I came across on yourwebsite. I find my profile suitable for the position & I am really excited to explore the opportunity.


Please find my profile details below.


I have been working as a change agent bringing along major business-critical transformations in enterprise environments for more than a decade now, which has helped me gain experience in business analysis, requirement elicitation, strategic assessment, technical feasibility and fit-gap analysis, effort estimation, design, development, and implementation. I am confident that I would be a strong asset to an organization.


My latest association was with yourcompany, as a yourtitle, where I was responsible for requirements elicitation and analysis, working with senior stakeholders, documenting and maintaining artifacts such as BRD, FSD, etc. taking part in daily scrums and maintaining implementation records through requirements traceability matrix. Apart from this, I was also actively involved in user testing the design assets such as wireframes/creative visualizations and organizing user training sessions on the newly released changes
helping increase the feature adoption rate.


My professional expertise includes customer journey mapping through effective process modeling, conducting feature training, gap analysis, risk analysis, benefits analysis, stakeholder management/engagement, business improvements, conflict resolution, change management, system design/implementation and reporting. I also possess strong hands-on technical skills with Siebel CRM software application. I am skilled in database query formulation and debugging, platform analysis/design, client application development, and product designing.


The following are some highlights of my experience:



I hope to bring my passion for extraordinary customer service, the knack for resolution and superior interpersonal skills to a highly progressive team.


If you are looking for a dependable, results-oriented professional with a solid performance track, I would be interested in speaking with you to discuss the value that my strengths and experience can bring to your search. 

I have enclosed my CV in the job application, should you have any question regarding my skills, please do not hesitate to contact me.


Thank you for your time and consideration, I can be reached in confidence at the given telephone number and I look forward to speaking with you soon.