I am a yourtitle with over 12 years of experience in leading both federal and provincial governments offices in India. 

I am working with yourcompany as a yourtitle and my role is to provide strategic leadership and direction to team Ontario in Mumbai to drive foreign direct investment, trade and innovation collaborations in order to strengthen Ontario’s image as a strategic business partner for India. Prior to joining yourcompany, I spent 7 years in leadership roles that includes in-charge of trade & investment projects at yourcompany and in-charge of Policy division at the yourcompany.

I would like to point out that I have identified and worked with more than 200 FDI projects of Indian companies mostly from Information Technology, Auto-component & Life sciences sector, and have closed 50+ FDI projects in North America which resulted in creating more than 5000 jobs. I similarly facilitated 100+ trade transactions between Indian and North American companies. 

With such a track record and my role to set up Mumbai office for yourcompany, I could able to develop an extraordinary network of top Indian industrialists, senior government officials, media professionals and other key opinion leaders in this market which have been helping me not only to facilitate ministers led missions but also to position the North American region I represent as an ideal place to invest and to do business.  

With excellent interpersonal and intercultural communicator, I am able to communicate well with people of all ages, genders and races and across all levels. Energy and enthusiasm (my self inner-drive) is a trait which lends to my flexibility and command of any situation. 

Whether actively monitoring performance of our team, managing multiple stakeholders, preparing and improving our strategic plans or  reporting about our activities to head quarter, my references would confer that I exceed expectations by practicing the greatest level of expertise with professionalism whilst always with customer centric approach. 

I trust that I have displayed a well-rounded description of my potential for you to consider my expertise and
experience for TIQ's representative to South Asia. 

If you think that my formal education and practical experience as mentioned in this cover letter & my resume makes me desirable candidate that suits TIQ needs, It would be my great pleasure to present myself in direct conversation. 

Best and thank you for your time. 

